We wonder are you ready to join us now?
Hands in the air, we will show you how
Come and try
Caramell will be your guide
(be your guide)
So come and move your hips, sing
ou-a-a-a
Look at your two hips, do it!
la-la-la
You and me
Can sing this melody
O-oa-a
Dance to the beat,
Wave your hands together
Come feel the heat
Forever and forever
Listen and learn
It is time for prancing
Now we are here with
Caramelldansen
o-o-oa-oa
o-o-oa-oa~aha
From Sweden to UK, we will bring our song
Australia, USA and people in Hong Kong
They have heard
this meaning all around the world
oa-oa~aha
So come and move your hips, sing ou-a-a-a
Look at your two hips, do it! La-la-la
You and me
Can sing this melody
So come and
Dance to the beat
Wave your hands together
Come feel the heat, forever and forever
Listen and learn, it is time for prancing
Now we are here with Caramelldansen
===
Dance to the beat
Wave your hands together
Come feel the heat
Forever and forever
Listen and learn
It is time for prancing
Now we are here with
Caramelldansen
o-o-oa-oa
o-o-oa-oa~aha
So come on and
Dance to the beat
Wave your hands together
Come feel the heat
Forever and forever
Listen and learn
It is time for prancing
Now we are here with
Caramelldansen
Dance to the beat
Wave your hands together
Come feel the heat
Forever and forever
Listen and learn
It is time for prancing
Now we are here with
Caramelldansen